Welcome back everyone.
Let's do some revision on neuro network.
That's what the Indians stand for.
Let's look at the basic architecture of what it looks like.
So let's look at this.
So for a start.
When you look at this what you have is an example of a standard artificial neural network also called
neural network for short.
If you look at the basic architecture you can identify some basic characteristics.
The first being input and also output.
So you have your input which could be pictures could be features could be a two dimensional data.
And this is the input layer and this is the output there.
And then you have three layers of tree hidden layers.
Now these are what's called fully connected because every one of these neural are connected to the next
layer of neurons.
And this is connected to the next layer of neurons.
Now the secret sauce to all of these neural networks lie in the actual hidden layer itself.
And what we can look at is the so-called convolution all neural networks where the distinguish fact
features are that distinguish or the difference lies in the actual hidden layer.
So for now let's revise some of these key concepts.
And then in next and future lecture we're going to go into the architecture of CNN.
Now what have we learned so far from the previous course is that machine learning is really about learning
the rules that link inputs and also targets together.
So if you provide the computer with pictures of cats it needs to learn some features of the cards to
be able to identify that this is indeed a cat which is targets.
And if you provided the pictures that you has never learned from before or a brand new picture for example
a Mountain cat for example which it hasn't seen before and hopefully from the features that it has learnt
in the past it is able to identify that the egg to a target or the prediction is indeed a cat and we'll
give you the label that this is actually a cat.
Now the question is really finding that features or the three question mark there to link the inputs
to the actual target output.
I provided the picture and or rather the flow diagram below just to establish or just to illustrate
to you the link itself.
Now in order to do that neural networks require many examples to achieve these two lenders very similar
to how human learn if you have ever watch a child of 2 3 years old how they learn in terms of the naming
apples oranges and identify objects.
It's the same process right from the fetus slides we can see that there are many layers to deep neuro
Learning Network or deep learning neural networks.
Now these players learn the relationship between the inputs and the target from being exposed to many
examples.
That's really the basic ideas of all of these.
So in this portion we're going to continue to look at somewhat the example here and terms of the of
the CNN or the convolution or neural network example.
So let's dive into it.
So this is v g g sixteen also core very deep neural network.
Now this has been around for quite some time.
It's still consider one of the more established and well known neural network architecture as in an
architecture.
It's from the paper by Simona and the ISM and the the name of the papers go very deep convolution neural
networks for large scale image recognition.
This is published in 2014.
It is still use today as the backbone for some of the object identification algorithm that's being used
today.
So let's look at the example of neural network architecture.
I provided a link here feel free to actually browse through.
We want things to go through that for now.
What I have not remove or not shown here is the last few layers which is the fully connected layer and
that has been removed.
When we look at the so-called layers here you can see how deep this neural network or this CNN example
is.
You have the input layer you followed by block 1.
If you look at the block one you'll notice that there's one two three.
It has convolution or air another convolution or air and then it makes pulling layer followed by Block
2.
You see that is convolution or a coalition or air followed by a mix pool block 3.
You have another convolution area convolution area followed by another mixed pool block for convolution
convolution convolution followed by a mixed pool block five convolution convolution convolution followed
by a max pool.
I intentionally go through that repetitively to hopefully allow you to see the pattern.
You notice that the first two blocks is two convolution followed by Max pool.
Second convolution is second block is to convolution followed by Max pool and then the following block
three or four five is three convolution followed by Max pool.
This is five five blocks.
Ultimately if you look carefully is actually a lot deeper than then five blocks is actually 16.
That's why this is called BCG 16.
This is an example of CNN.
I'm going to start calling CNN.
I'm having problem pronouncing convolution on a CNN as the as an example of CNN architecture let's again
revise some One last key concept before we move on.
You will recall from our previous course lectures that we provide the neural network with inputs and
there are some ways that needs to be changed.
Initially it's just randomize waves followed by two.
In this example we have two hidden layers or two layers for this neural network followed by a prediction
from prediction and compare it against the ground truth or the actual label and then measured using
the lost function to measure the loss score losses.
Another way of saying errors and obviously initially the neural network hasn't learned yet.
Okay.
We need to actually go through iteration a loop to actually continuously learn where admitted mistakes
in need to actually make some adjustment to actually learn the actual features to be able to correctly
identify and not so in the future predict what the actual images and that process of continuous loop
is called learning and the the method or the instrument or the mechanics used to to teach the new or
that what is called the optimizer.
Okay.
These are all revisions all revision concepts.
Hopefully it's not too foreign to you.
If not please go back to the other course neural network foundation or introduction to actually built
on those foundation before you carry on.
Because this whole course is actually built upon that but then I'm going to stop thank you once again
for watching.
I look forward to seeing the next lesson.